A city street with cars and street signs giving directions
A sandwich with powder sits on a plate on the table.
A blender held together with duck tape filled with apples.
Three zebras look towards the camera in their habitat.
A photo of a horse hooked up to a carriage.
A train going into a tunnel beside the beach.
The group of people came out today to fly their kites.
A herd of zebra standing on a field next to a  herd of giraffe.
A picture of a man wearing a suit and tie
A red bird is sitting on a bird feeder. 
A biker and his motorcycle stuck in the mud.
Many large boats are docked near each other.
a kitchen that has a bunch of cabinets in it
A green motor scooter parked in a museum in a display case.
A group of horses gathered around a feeder 
A woman sits on her motorcycle in the street.
The people are on the snow in skates.
some banana trees bananas dirt and bushes 
A sculpture that is also a clock is shown fenced off to the rest of the room. 
A man sitting at a table in front of cell phones.
This is a photo of two people sitting on the ledge of a piece of city artwork.
A plane parked on the cement with road cones around it.
The small kitten is sitting underneath the car.
Closeup of a black and grey cellphone atop a newspaper.
A home, vehicle, street signs, and the ocean.
One apple and several oranges sit in a bowl.
Two children hold up doughnuts to their eyeballs.
Traditional American comfort food arranged on a plate
A beer bottle and a goblet of beer are posed side by side on a table.
A young lady reading the writing on a refrigerator door.
A smirking young woman surrounded by stuffed animals.
A horse grazes in a field by a large pond.
a white plate with a good variety of food items on it
A woman waiting to board the subway train.
A close-up of a plate of pasta containing broccoli.
Black and white picture of a train approaching a signal.
A ferry crossing a river outside of a city.
several giraffe sitting and standing in a fenced in area.
a close up ofa dog looking out of a window
A hot dog next to a drink and another meal
A girl is taking a bite out of a sandwich.
A mixture of cooked vegetables, including broccoli, mushrooms, and peppers.
Two people sitting together on a couch playing wii
a man that is on a skateboard that is on a ramp
Marble tiling around the bathroom sink that's below the mirror
People walking in the rain on a sidewalk in a suburban neighborhood.
A body of water with hoses of either side.
A person doing tricks on a skateboard about to fall
A clock tower in the middle of a roundabout
A skier in a blue jacket underneath the ski lift
A woman smiling for a picture, with a eagle above her.
several children standing next to a table filled with cakes and food
Yellow chrysanthemums are arranged in two white holders.
A black and white cat laying on a seat next to windows.
A parking meter with a truck parked very close.
An orange sitting on the branch of a tree.
An empty dining area features round tables with several umbrellas and red and green backed chairs.
A yellow fire hydrant with painted-on eyes on a sidewalk
A german Shepherd uses it's mouth to carry a toy around a yard. 
A four-sided clock is displaying the time in the dark.
A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
A boy playing a video game in front or a flat screen television that is mounted on a wall.
A corner desk with a laptop on top rests next to a printer.
A person on a cell phone on a street.
