There is a bear with his head above the water.
A pizza with multiple topping ready to be cut.
The neatly made bed is beside an open window.
A female tennis player standing at the baseline of the tennis court and holding her racquet with two hands.
A busy walkway at an urban city park.
the woman is wearing and umbrella hat and on her phone. 
A female skier traveling down a snowy slope.
The car was travelling down the road with a lot of luggage stacked on top.
the glass is filled with a beverage on a table top
an  image of a man that is holding a cell phone
A stop sign next to two trashcans in a neighborhood.
A refrigerator filled with lots of food and drinks.
The bride and groom stand beside a cake shaped like a stack of books. 
Gray cat looking at electronic monitor next to phone.
Various decorated donuts are stacked on top of each other.
The public rest rooms are clean and ready for customers to use. 
A picture of a bird sitting on a tree branch
A large group of skiers go up a mountain together.
People waiting  in inspection line with their luggage.
A man holding a yellow banana in their left hand.
a boy on a skateboard performs a stunt near a train
A white jet airliner docked next to utility vehicles.
A red fire hydrant surrounded by yellow flowers.
A road sign sits up against a brick wall.
Some dogs stick their heads out the car window.
A second-story bedroom window is open, revealing other houses and buildings in the neighborhood.
A white car and a white bus parked parallel from one another. 
a bathroom with a reflection of a trash can in the mirror 
a baseball player swinging a bat at a ball
a locomotive train resting on some tracks next to a building
A man flying a cat in a park next to a tree.
A white motorcycle parked next to a sidewalk.
A collection of silverware resting on a rack.
An elephant and her two babies walking in shallow water.
A group of children playing in a pile of leaves in a yard. 
A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag
A city street has many signs in Japanese.
A fruit plate sitting on a table next to a tea setting.
A number of travelers surrounding a colorful passenger bus.
A woman holding a lit birthday cake at the base of the stairs.
Three men are sitting on a bench watching the boats in the dock.
The boat is in a body of water that is not clear. 
Several pieces of luggage and bags near moving trucks. 
Skate boarder in mid-air maneuver as two males watch.
a cat sitting in a pouncing position next to a brick wall
This is Iron Maiden's private airplane that they used for their Final Frontier World Tour.
A vase with straw flowers sitting on a table along with two candles.
a bunch of buildings in a city having signs strung across
Several pieces of luggage and bags near moving trucks. 
A living room scene with a person talking on a cell phone.
A red train traveling down train tracks next to another train.
A long horn sheep with heavy wool on a grassy field.
a couple of zebras stand in front of some giraffes 
Empty beach chair with umbrella on empty beach.
A large piece of meat that is set on top of some rice and broccoli. 
A vintage bus is parked under an overhang
A plate with some noodles, broccoli, parmesan, and spinach leaves.
A lot of people that are playing in the snow.
The head of a Giraffe with its mouth on a tree branch.
The antique bicycles are displayed in various ways.
a man pushing a cart filled with assorted fruit and veggies on it 
A young child in a bed is hooked to an IV.
an image of a living room setting with a coffee table
A man brushing his teeth showing off his brand of toothpaste.
