A cute kitten is sitting in a purple slipper.
A young lady reading the writing on a refrigerator door.
A train has been decorated with colorful, elaborate art work.
A European street scene with a person and vehicles.
A railroad crossing with the gate down as a train goes by.
A group of people are putting their sweet treats all towards each other.  
A row of benches beside a tennis court.
An airplane and a person on the tarmac. 
Giraffes stand together in the grass in a field. 
A man on a motorcycle is in mid air.
A close up of a piece of pizza with bacon on a plate.
A odd white circular and futuristic looking bathroom
An intersection on what appears to be a suburb area of a city. 
An intricate shower handle in a bathtub. 
A formally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man T-shirt
It would be a pity to eat these cute animals made out of bread.
A group of cows are standing inside a fence.
A vase is holding an arrangement of flowers.
a couple of elephants out in a large field
A bowl of several different types of vegetables.
People walking in the rain on a sidewalk in a suburban neighborhood.
a table that has a bunch of pizzas on it
The bride and groom stand beside a cake shaped like a stack of books. 
A home, vehicle, street signs, and the ocean.
A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
A woman carrying a child on her back is standing across from a building.
a black and white photo of a person with a doughnut
A pizza crust is being put into a toaster oven.
Three little boys preparing for a base ball game outside.
A long-haired cat sits on a black leather desk chair.
This is a small kitchen with white cabinets and appliances.
A hot dog sitting on top of a bun in a paper container.
A corner store has a row of bicycles outside.
Two horses are being fed by people eating at a table.
Two zebras standing in the sand, eating hay.
a couple of elephants out in a large field
Long hair dog sleeping, head on pillow, on floor.
A stuffed animal teddy bear in a basket.
A women who is holding up a kite.
A baseball game is in process with a player who is up to bat. 
A truck has a warning sign on it, near construction in the mountains.
A skillet on a stove with vegetables in it 
A skillet on a stove with vegetables in it 
an image of a tennis player serving the ball
Several paraskiers engaged beneath a cloudy winter sky.
A yellow sporty jeep is on an indoor display.
The surfers are carrying their boards into the surf.
A railroad crossing with the gate down as a train goes by.
Long hair dog sleeping, head on pillow, on floor.
A boy holds a plastic sword in a park.
a little arrangement of flowers sitting on someones table
Four people on a sand dune with a BMX bike and an ATV.
Marble tiling around the bathroom sink that's below the mirror
A large passenger jet sitting on an airport tarmac.
A little boy doing a kick flip on a skateboard
an image of a kitchen setting with white wooden shelving
A group of several giraffes young and old are at a standstill.
a kitchen area with many pots pans and bowls
Dozens of stuffed teddy bears on a rack and in a pile.
A man on the street at night near a truck full of bananas.
A dog has his chewing ball in his mouth. 
A keyboard and monitor are setting on this desk.
A women who is kicking at an umbrella from the ground.
A game of professional baseball is being played.
