A group of sheep are on a hill by the snow.
A shot of a separated bathroom with its toilet and shower separated. 
A very pretty rest room with a large basin sink.
An airplane is parked on a runway with a setting sun in the background.
The train attendant, a switchman, is changing the signal
A couple of people standing next to a bunch of old buildings.
A blender that is on a counter that has various items in it.
A herd of cattle grazing on some grass.
A person in a boat rowing away from shore.
A small van painted in silver glitter paint parked next to a double decker bus.
A tennis player preparing to serve the ball at a tennis match.
A tennis player stands on one leg on a tennis court as many look on.
A man trying to shake a woman's hand with her tongue stuck out standing behind a motorcycle. 
A white and gray cat and an orange tabby cat snuggle on a blanket.
A young boy and girl sitting on a bed.
Concrete stairs lead to the double doors of the house.
Two plates of food on a table next to each other.
This is two skiers with someone who looks like an instructor.
A group of people who are sitting on couches in front of a television.
San Francisco Giants pitcher standing on the mound looking at a runner on base and an umpire
Polo game with brown horse and rider about to hit the ball
Person crouching down among wild grass while flying a kite.
A woman sitting on a bed brushing her teeth.
This is a creative use of leaves and small reeds as an arrangement.
A man on the phone near luggage by a gate.
A group of sheep are on a hill by the snow.
A picture of a red mac truck passing by a car. The picture is in the rear view mirror.
A young girl smiling as she holds the handle of her suitcase.
A woman pinning a corsage to a mans suit.
A living room scene with a person talking on a cell phone.
Two toddlers eating at a child's table with a dog watching them.
A couple of white toilets sitting inside of stalls.
Concrete stairs lead to the double doors of the house.
A man getting ready to serve the ball in a tennis game.
Windows reflect cars sitting in traffic on a road next to an old building.
A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
Airliner taking off over field of landing lights.
Two girls are smoking cigarettes while one is playing on the laptop.
An old time car riding down a street in a city.
A pair of tennis players getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
airplane on the runway and a cloudy sky
A boy holding a tennis racket in mid-swing.
A slice of pizza, greens, two wine glasses with two bottles on the table 
The man is driving his car on the highway during the day.
a little girl that has a dog on a leash
A fall arrangement of flowers has a raffia bow.
A woman holding a tennis racquet in her right hand.
The red passenger train car is next to a white car.
A couple of zebras are grazing in a field
Five people stand in a room with many laptops on the desks.
A young man holding a pair of scissors next to his duck lips.
People laughing and playing a game with a plate of food on the floor.
Inside of a building with a fridge and counter top.
Some wood is stacked on a shelf by an oven.
A tray with white rice, pork, and steamed broccoli, cauliflower and broccoli.
Someone blends a red mixture in a chrome blender.
A black and gold clock in front of a large building. 
THERE ARE PEOPLE STADING ON THE STREET WITH SKATE BOARD
Group of people standing underneath a blue and purple umbrella. 
A group of birds in the sand by the water.
a berry bush sits next to a park bench
a light blue kitchen a black stove and a silver micro wave oven
MAN IN SWIMMING TRUNKS RUNNING IN THE SAND.
Some people are on the sidewalk under a sign.
