A young man on his skateboard at a skate park
a modern bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall
A picnic table loaded with hiking and camping gear
A married man tying his brown tie on.
a double decker parked on the side of the road 
A giraffe stands in the grass in front of tall trees.
a person holding a cell phone in a knit sleeve
The small kitten is sitting underneath the car.
Someone riding waves in the ocean on their surf board
A large dark colored spoon sitting on a rack
bathroom with a toilet with the lid up
A Frisbee team on a field being happy.
people are skiing down a pathway covered in snow
A man holding a racquet in front of a crowd.
DIMLY LIT BATHROOM WITH SINK, TOILET, AND TUB
A train has been decorated with colorful, elaborate art work.
A pure white parrot with red eyes and a black beak.
Busses are parked by a large building structure.
A neighborhood with a one way street sign. 
A red flat bed truck stopped at a busy intersection.
A dinning room with a small table and a window with long curtains.
A kichen with wooden cabinets and a white range.
A fruit stand in the middle of a busy outdoor mall.
The man is dancing on the sidewalk in front of everyone. 
A yellow sporty jeep is on an indoor display.
A yellow finch perched on a white fence.
A pair of scissors that is on something that measures forty centimeters. 
a girl is sitting on a bicycle outside
A desk with a laptop, iMac, an extra monitor and a printer.
Many large boats are docked near each other.
a little girl standing by a fence by the elephant area 
People watching a clown console a horse during a rodeo
A woman sitting at a couch with two cats looking out a window.
A person swinging at a tennis ball on a court.
People are walking down the street near several businesses.
A small bathroom with tile floors and half tile walls.
A building has many bikes pared outside of it
A horse in the grass is by a barn.
A group of motorcycles parked next to each other on a street.
An adult skier carries a child skier under their arm on the slopes
A white and blue train pulling into the train station
Two small whippet dogs sleeping on a messy bed.
A plate of dessert sitting beside a drink in a cafe.
A very tall stone tower with a clock in the center.
A street is full of cars in heavy traffic.
An airplane parked on a runway near a fence.
an image of a tennis player serving the ball
A crowd is walking in the outdoor plaza.
A parking lot with many large purple buses.
A herd of zebra standing next to each other against a stone wall.
Young boys are leading small horses along a procession.
Some men are standing near an elephant outdoors.
A light shining on the street at night time
A group of men on the street wearing orange turbans.
Two doughnuts on a napkin next to a cup of tea and a Spanish ad.
a number of people riding surf boards on a body of water
A skier is skiing toward a tree line.
A man dressed as Elvis sitting on top of a bull statue.
Many people are walking near several clocks reading 6:20. 
A young man on a skate board in a pedestrian overpass.
A stop sign installed upside down on a street corner
A street next to a large building is flooded.
Man with white hat and cane sitting on green bench.
A vase with unopened flowers in ice 
