A line of three giraffes standing and looking around.
A man riding a skateboard down the side of a ramp.
Two expired parking meters on a city street.
A man in a wetsuit is on the beach with a surfboard.
some men in uniforms and some brown and black horses
Several women sitting at the table having a meal. 
A bathroom with white appliances and orange walls.
A tennis player ready to receive tennis ball in front of a crowd.
A large cart with many pieces of luggage on it.
A woman is standing in front of a television set with a remote in her hand.
A large hawk flying above a green field. 
A baseball player is holding a baseball bat, preparing to swing.
a person standing next to a child in a booster seat
A dinner plate is arranged with meat, broccoli and carrots.
A wooden bench sitting in front of a store.
A cat's head surrounded by stuffed animals and pillows.
A boy riding a boogie board in the ocean waves.
A group of bears that are laying down on wood.
A person slices a pizza fresh out of the oven.
some street signs on a pole next to a big building 
DIMLY LIT BATHROOM WITH SINK, TOILET, AND TUB
A skier going downhill while making snow plumes.
A small van painted in silver glitter paint parked next to a double decker bus.
A most-eaten plate of food has a few bites left.
A girl preparing to eat a hot dog.
A narrow city street is full of shops and people.
A picture of the stop sign at West Union Street in the evening.
An elephant with its front legs up on a hill.
A day time view of a narrow street in a city
A teddy bear sitting next to a picture of himself on a sandy beach and other travel memorabilia.
A cat who is sitting on the edge of a sink.
A bathroom has a very small toilet with buttons.
A mixture of pastries laying on wax paper.
a tennis player swinging a racket at a ball
a woman with an umbrella walking through a rainy city

A person sitting on as bench with a backpack.
a person riding a skate board near a set of steps
a woman with an umbrella walking through a rainy city

The rugby players are fighting for control of the ball.
A large rounded mirror to help people see past certain angles. 
A book sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A toilet bowl sitting in a bathtub at a warehouse.
A man laughing at a redheaded woman. 
A car driving up the road and in front of it is several cows in the road.
A woman standing near a table with plates covered in food.
A bathtub that has a blue mat inside of it.
A man on a skateboard is grinding a ramp
A large pizza sitting on top of a pizza pan.
View of single chair in front of flat panel tv by the window.
A foil pan is full of orange type food.
Rows of black parking meters on street next to sand.
A couple of people carrying surfboards down a beach.
A woman has her elbows on the table and is looking at something on a laptop. 
A young man stands on a tennis court holding a racquet and ball.
Two dogs are in a backyard playground area equipped with a kiddie pool.
Several people on a hill flying kites. 
A picture of a cheese and fruit plate in a restaurant.
A man on skies is standing in the snow
A girl sitting on the floor looking into the oven.
A young man sits on the edge of his seat as he plays a video game.
The two sheep are standing in the shade. 
Mountains and terrain seen from above by plane
a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink
A baseball player with the number 25 on his uniform, with a baseball bat and in a batting stance.
