a man that is skateboarding on a big ramp
A tennis player hits the tennis ball on the court
A dog is chasing sheep across an area in full speed.
The bouquet has one red rose in it. 
A group of four people are riding a ski lift as they ride over the snowy mountain.
two large elephants and two small elephants feeding
A man skillfully water skiing in wild water.
A guy holding a tennis ball in one hand with a tennis racket in his other hand. 
a christmas tree in some kind of room
A train on tracks in a city with the sun low on the horizon 
A mobile of some sort hanging on the ceiling.
Three people at a table waiting to eat some food.
A dog lies near the table next to bookshelves.
A darkly lit hotel bedroom that has a lamp, a little table, and a bed.
A cat is laying on top of a closed laptop.
A bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub. 
A wagon with trunks and barrels sitting on it
A young girl wearing a princess costume eats a donut.
A building with a tall tower with a clock on it.
a white polar bear is laying down in its pen
A snowboarder grabs the back of her snowboard while jumping
A man that is standing around elephants in the dirt.
A man standing in front of a tv playing wii.
a group of girls playing a game of soccer
A herd of cattle grazing on some grass.
Several professionally dressed men watching a woman holding a Wii controller
Two dark horses are standing under cloudy skies.
To cats, one white and one black and white, sleeping on a chair. 
a motorcycle with saddle bags and a trunk
A tennis player is poised ready to hit the ball. 
A pizza topped with cheese, tomato sauce, and mushrooms being sliced on a plate.
a plane is on the tarmac preparing to load or unload
A man taking a bite of a sandwich without using his hands 
A china jug full of fresh flowers on a window sill
A light shining on the street at night time
A close up of a giraffe with its face against a pole.
This a street of a town in Southern California. 
A man receives food from a street vendor in the city.
The inside of a coffee shop with a big sofa, chairs and various lights and signs through the shop.
A four compartment tray holding various food items.
A car that is sitting int he street near a building.
A skier in a skiing position on a snowy slope.
A person pointing to a section of their food.
A refrigerator with the freezer section door ajar.
A fire engine traveling through a busy street.
A painting of a man sitting at a computer in his library.
A formally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man T-shirt
A closeup of a sandwich with lettuce and mustard.
A monk traveling along a road wearing a robe and examining a trinket.
Altered photograph of an athlete hitting a tennis ball
Two army personnel are working in a pharmacy.
A kite flying in the sky under a blue cloudy sky.
A stop sign in a snowy bank in the woods.
Large pizza pie with one slice missing on the table
A black leather sofa in a large living room.
a bench near a river, situated close to a bridge
A group of skiers and snowboarders waits before going down a hill.
Some motorcyclists are driving down an empty road
A metal wire fence confining sheep inside a grassy meadow.
A group of people watching a skier on a track.
The cat sits looking the other way as the pigeons congregate.
Two people sitting on a stone bench holding umbrellas.
A dog standing on its hind legs trying to get a toy from a tree while another dog and a man watch.
A man is catching a frisbee on a beach. 
