A photograph of a road with traffic lights hanging above.
A man holding a drink and a video game controller.
A group of kids getting ready to snowboard. 
THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT 
A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.
We are looking into the center of a large green leafy plant.
A plate of sweet bread and ice cream.
Cake themed ceramic cups set on a table
A man holding a snow board looking at a snowy ski slope.
a tall clock tower near a body of water 
A collection of teddy bears with purple and pink attire is displayed.
Airliner taking off over field of landing lights.
Group of brown bears in a zoo habitat
An empty tiled bathroom with a sink, tub and toilet.
Small child on skis talking to an adult on skis
An old truck with a tarp on the bed parked in a parking lot.
A standing toilet is shown inside a bathroom.
a person sitting on steps with a cell phone 
a child eats part of a sugar frosted donut
A can of spam and two sandwiches sit on a table.
A man in a wet suit is surfing.
A snowboarder and skier posing for a picture. 
2 ponies stand amongst many plants, behind a fence.
Two birds standing next to each other on a branch.
A kitchen with a refrigerator, stove, and an oven.
A pretty young woman riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
We are looking at a toiled in a public restroom.
A black and white photo of a street with many cars parked on the side.
Wooden box with clock faces hanging from the ceiling.
A man taking a swing at a tennis ball
A small tablet computer next to a larger monitor and keyboard.
THERE IS A TOILET AND A TRASH CAN IN THE BATHROOM 
Cat drinking from metal bowl on top of wood fence.
A group of cars waiting at an intersection for the light to change
The pizza is being served with a cold soda.
A plate with steak, vegetables, and cheese. 
The pond, surrounded by trees, and a fence on one side, has several row boats in it, as people paddle them around on a sunny day.
Donuts are being removed from a conveyor belt.
A snowboarder with a camera mounted to his helmet. 
A light blue bus traveling down a street next to tall buildings.
there is a woman sitting at a table eating 
a computer and speakers on a wood desk
A man with a full black suit and tie sitting on a couch.
Miniature pizzas and skewered heart shaped pretzel bites.
A person on a skateboard does a trick on the pipe.
A picture of the president walking in front of a building.
black and white image of a man wearing a motorcycle helmet
THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS PLAYING TENNIS ON THE COURT 
An airplane and a person on the tarmac. 
Two men running and playing baseball with plate and grass
Two stop signs lean to the left at an intersection.
A guy sitting on his motorcycle conversing with a friend.
A large building with a giant clock tower.
A small bird sitting on a rail outside.
A formally dressed man pulls his shirt apart revealing a super man T-shirt
Three zebras wandering in an open field past a tree.
A herd of elephants eating from a grove of trees.
A girl swinging a tennis racket to hit a tennis ball. 
Two men running and playing baseball with plate and grass
A man laughing at a redheaded woman. 
a kitchen area with many pots pans and bowls
A man holding two surfboards walking on a beach.
Several people are surfing or swimming at the ocean.
A woman standing near a table with plates covered in food.
