The bike handlebars have electronics and a rear view mirror on it.
Some people with some umbrellas on a wet narrow street.
two people playing frisbee in a field 
The TV has two men merged together on it.
a slew of traffic driving down a free way 
A yellow flower inside a clear water-filled pitcher.
A large three wheel trike with a basket and a large red umbrella.
Early evening calm at the local boat marina.
this is a living room in a log cabin
A man standing in front of a street vendor, a woman behind the counter.
A large clock hangs on the side of a brick building.
subway sitting on metal tracks next to walls
a stripped cat sitting near a brick wall
Three zebras stand in tall grass near a wooded area
A couple of kids are talking in a field.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a horse.
a black teddy bear made to look like its looking over a balcony
Several different kinds of julienned vegetables in a bowl.
A picture of a building with a clock on it.
A man at a spectator tennis game running to hit the tennis ball.
A cat drooling at a TV with an image of flying birds on display.
a man plating up spaghetti dishes for mealtime
Two giraffes with their heads side by side.
A man water skiing while holding on to a line. 
A young woman smiles while looking at her open flip phone.
A girl on a couch with a video game remote in her hand. 
A man sitting on a bench surrounded by trees. 
The man is drinking at the table outside.
A table topped with a cell phone and the contents of it's package.
The young man has hit the glass and the drink has exploded everywhere. 
A pair of sinks sitting under a mirror.
Two men in uniform on two black horses on a street. 
a man with no shirt poses with a tooth brush
A plate off half-eaten chocolate cake with a fork.
A blender on a counter next to a cup, cookies and a soda. 
A pitcher full of tea sits in front of a microwave.
A large clock tower below the clear sky.
To keep up with the action, the media people need to be as fast as the players.
a number of people riding horses on a beach
Skateboard rider doing a trick near a beach during sunset.
Two men on skateboards standing on the top of a ramp.
A stop sign with a building with a Google logo in the background.
A cat standing under a metal chair that is placed in a yard and has a vase of flowers on it.
A man who is sitting in a bus looking away from the window.
Several people tracking along the mountain in skis.
The contents of a refrigerator includes yogurt, almond milk and bottled water.
Group of cats sitting on top of a bed with red blankets. 
A picture of a man in black skate boarding down a city street.
Many people are water skiing in this area.
A man in gray pants and a red hat stands near an outside kiosk and it is raining.
Carrots, bread and knife on top of cutting board
Two street signs indicating no parking or towing.
Beach full of surfers inside and outside of the water.
A clock on the wall with German words above it.
A small bathroom with tile floors and half tile walls.
A group of women standing outside with a snack.
a little league baseball game in progress, player swinging the bat
A person is on a bed filming another person.
a living room full of chairs and a big window 
a person attemping a skateboard trick in the driveway
A teddy bear and a bag of items is alongside a walk way. 
Busses are parked by a large building structure.
Giraffe approaches a person and almost touches person hand.
Travelors have opened five suitcases on the floor.
