Two brown horses in a pasture eating grass.
A herd of elephants eating from a grove of trees.
A large crowd of people are gathered in an office lobby.
A woman wearing black leather sits on her motorcycle.
A stop sign installed upside down on a street corner
People standing inside of a temporary canvas building.
Two animals playing outside on a tree branch.
A guy points at a guy with carrots in his mouth. 
Two horses are being fed by people eating at a table.
A large white tank sitting on top of a green lawn.
A malnourished cow walking along a dirt road.
A man and woman are seated at a table with many glasses of wine.
A pair of scissors that is on something that measures forty centimeters. 
There is a plate of tofu and vegetables in a curry sauce.
A man is playing with an elephant in a field.
A cat laying its paw on a computer keyboard.
This little girl is sitting in a seat and eating her favorite dessert.
People standing inside of a temporary canvas building.
The healthy meal is ready to be eaten on the plate.
A vase is holding an arrangement of flowers.
A man wake boarding in the ocean behind a boat.
A cat that is laying on the floor.
Here is a group of longhorn cattle resting in the sun.
Two toilets sit outside on the pavement next to a yard with many decorations.
A gray and red bus parked next to a body of water.
A kitty sitting on a newspaper on a car's dashboard.
different sized and shaped donuts sitting in a box
A small house with a small wooden balcony. 
A large building with a giant clock tower.
Black and white picture of a train approaching a signal.
A dog faces a light up cow ornament.
Surfer riding the height of a full wave.
A red flat bed truck stopped at a busy intersection.
A man holding a box of donuts for others to enjoy.
A flock of woolly sheep graze on a snowy pasture.
a bathroom with a shower curtain, a tub and a window with blinds
Street signs for the corner of st. Luke and Riverside.
A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball while the catcher tries to catch it.
A large bag with several colored Frisbee inside.
A group of birds in the sand by the water.
Three little boys preparing for a base ball game outside.
A brown horse grazing in a green field.
A man taking a bite of a sandwich without using his hands 
A watch, a phone, and a pen sitting on a table.
A kitchen that has a stove and counters in it.
A dog is laying on the living room floor with the TV on.
One airplane is taking off from an airport while others are parked.
A person holding up a piece sign holding food in the other hand.
A game device is open a flat surface with game paraphernalia around it. 
A brown, black and white dog laying on a sofa.
A small tablet computer next to a larger monitor and keyboard.
A closed shower curtain with sink in a bathroom.
A group of people sit at tables to eat a Christmas meal.
A sailboat is in clear blue water beside a mountain.
A pigs head on a plate with apples.
Two animals playing outside on a tree branch.
a christmas tree in some kind of room
A man watches another man that has numerous bananas on his head.
A young boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
Skateboarder performing aerial trick on partly cloudy day.
A woman cooking in her kitchen with a black pan.
A dark colored cat that is looking up at a television that is on and has a program playing on it.
People sitting in a room and watching a small television.
The freightliner sits on the tracks with graffiti spray-painted on the side.
