A large white tank sitting on top of a green lawn.
A plate of food and rice is on the counter
A close up of a seagull standing on the beach with the ocean in the background.
a bed room with a neatly made bed a window and a book shelf
A woman sits on the ground near a fire hydrant.
A woman holds an umbrella on a rainy day in the street.
A dim runway has an airplane on it.
A bench in this garden provides a quiet place to sit. 
A person on a bike on a street.
A girl is holding her arms in the air as she hops on her skateboard in a ramp area near a beach.
a black motorcycle parked near some cars outside
A man sitting in a chair holds a baby.
Closeup of a tray of food that includes broccoli and potatoes.
A horse drawn carriage in a park during daylight hours. 
a women that is feeding some kind of girafffe
The guy is looking at the camera while the girl is looking at her phone.
A bus of people riding up a highway.
A bathroom with a brown floor, white toilet and a sink with a bowl
a modern bedroom with abstract paintings on the wall
Centuries old tower with a clock and topped with a cross.
A man standing on the shore with a surf board.
A man on the phone near luggage by a gate.
The group of people are outside drinking in the yard. 
A computer keyboard sitting on a white counter.
an airline with airplanes from one world parked on the air field
A cement bench sitting next to trash cans.
A photo of a horse hooked up to a carriage.
THERE IS A PERSON ON THE BEACH 
A dinner plate is arranged with meat, broccoli and carrots.
a close up of a piece of cake on a plate
A skier poses for a picture on top of a snowy hill.
Man surfing on the ocean next to a city area.
A giraffe standing on a fence to eat some grass.
Several boys holding onto tennis racquets while one swings.
a brown and white ox a motorcycle and a shop
its a bathroom with a toilet sink and a shower
A black and white cat laying on a seat next to windows.
A man in a white baseball uniform and a black cap stands on a baseball field as the stands are full of people.
A box where you pay for your parking.
A black and white view of a herd of cows grazing in the field. 
A young man on his skateboard at a skate park
A plain kitchen with beige cabinets and brown floors.
A person standing in the sand with a bird flying in the air
THERE IS A FIRE TRUCK THAT IS PARKED ON THE LOT
A photograph of a road with traffic lights hanging above.
A tennis player makes a quick shuffle to return the ball.
A person sitting on as bench with a backpack.
A partially eaten pastry is on a plate.
A woman staring at a wine glass she holds in her hand.
A woman is handing a boy a piece of cake.
A lot of people that are playing in the snow.
Scattered people on a wide, dry beach, including surfers.
A bathroom with a single sink vanity and white porcelain toilet.
A row of people in a larger audience watching something.
An adult skier carries a child skier under their arm on the slopes
A couch with a small table holding a laptop.
A culinary class in a large kitchen with several stoves.
A polar bear wading through a pool with a happy look on its face.
A television is on top of some shelves.
An elephant with a chair on top of it and a man standing on a balcony. 
A little girl on a Barbie raft out in a pool. 
There are three giraffes in a fenced in area.
Stuffed bear are set in chairs outside of a store.
A man is holding  tennis racquet in order to hit the ball.
