A baseball game is in action as a batter swings.
Several people standing or walking on a sidewalk.
A lighthouse is behind the old abandoned boat.
A room with furniture and a a television in use.
An airplane coming in for a landing next to a large tower.
A man is holding  tennis racquet in order to hit the ball.
A bathroom with a single sink vanity and white porcelain toilet.
A person with a red umbrella walks down a boardwalk.
Fancy curved cutting gold colored scissors with decorative flowers.
A baseball game is being played before a crowd.
a big grizzly bear looks toward the camersa
A clock tower stands on the side of two streets. 
A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag
A view of a street corner with an umbrella on it.
A man swinging a tennis racquet as a crowd watches.
The guy is looking at the camera while the girl is looking at her phone.
The pizza is being served with a cold soda.
A beautiful building with alit up clock and snow on the ground
The yield to pedestrians sign is all scratched up.
A herd of jersey cattle eat and sit in a pasture.
a person riding a surf board in a wave
a christmas tree in some kind of room
young people collecting food fruits and water from a table
A group of cows that are standing in the grass.
A cattle yard where there are hundreds of cattle are hoarded. 
A young man stands on a tennis court holding a racquet and ball.
a kitchen area with many pots pans and bowls
A large red detour sign by the road with city lights at night in background.
A young boy taking a swing at a tennis ball
Two fresh pizzas with mushrooms and olives sitting on pizza paddles.
A bowl of several different types of vegetables.
A man on a bicycle leaning on a wall talking on a cell phone.
a blonde with a bed sheet wrapped around her body
A group of five zebras stand in a field.
A child plays with a video game while standing on a sensor pad.
Pizza boxes sitting open and nearly empty next to each other. 
The bathroom in the house needs to be remodeled. 
Busses are parked by a large building structure.
A very big table filled with many assorted food items.
Two elephants with a rubber ball are kept in the area with a little chain.
Tennis player attempting to hit an incoming ball
A boy holds a plastic sword in a park.
A person rides a motorcycle down a road.
A street sign reads "Bus Stop Not In Use".
A skillet on a stove with vegetables in it 
The sneakers have lodged many miles on the skateboard.
The herd of sheep stand close to a wooden fence.
Several bicycle riders are biking down a city street.
A bathroom with toilet and a curtained window
A bear smelling the dried out grass outdoors.
A foil pan is full of orange type food.
Yellow and blue train with British flag painted on it.
An umbrella is shown open under the trees.
A large marble bathroom with mirrored closet and jetted tub.
A person riding a motorcycle down the street with groups of people behind a fenced area.
A black and gold clock in front of a large building. 
A odd white circular and futuristic looking bathroom
A vibrant UK city with red double decker buses riding along the street.
Several cars are traveling on a city street while a bicyclist waits to cross the street.
2 ponies stand amongst many plants, behind a fence.
a large giraffe that is next to a fence
The parking meter is empty by the building.
two men standing next to each other with some blue and silver ties
A room with a hardwood floor containing a sectional couch, ottoman, table, tv and bicycles.
