A traffic light next to a blue car in front of a building.
a plate filled with assorted desserts and cake
The truck is loaded with wood and other stuff.
A black and white view of a herd of cows grazing in the field. 
A man and a woman playing a game on a WI.
A little girl on a Barbie raft out in a pool. 
A little girl on a Barbie raft out in a pool. 
A blue and orange subway sits at a station.
a couple of skiers on top of a snowy mountain
A kitchen has wooden cabinets and pots hanging on the wall.
Bed in room with candles covered by a mosquito net
A boy is doing a skateboard trick outside
a lunch box with many different food items
A man walking on a tennis court, in the day.
A wet dog is playing with a string of balls.
A truck that is sitting in the grass.
An old truck with a tarp on the bed parked in a parking lot.
A No Parking, No Skateboards and No Littering sign on a street side.
A model train is on the tracks of an outside garden.
A busy walkway at an urban city park.
The small child is brushing it's teeth with a green toothbrush. 
A dog is laying on the living room floor with the TV on.
A laptop with a mouse is on a small desk.
A red stop sign with two green street signs on top of it.
Broccoli, tomatoes, and spinach on a bed of melted cheese.
something in a toilet in a rest room bathroom 
A DISPLAY OF GRAPES AND APPLES AT THE GROCERY STORE
A person flying a kite near a basketball hoop. 

The giraffes share a bunch of green leaves.
Multiple baskets of recently picked grapefruits on display.
a kid performs a trick on a skate board 
A group of people sitting around on motorcycles, with masks on.
A close-up of a plate of pasta containing broccoli.
A photograph of a road with traffic lights hanging above.
The inside of a coffee shop with a big sofa, chairs and various lights and signs through the shop.
A young boy approaches a giant kite lying on the ground. 
A guy holding a skate board is speaking into a microphone.
a very big bus moving on the street with people in
A plate full of food that has carrots and some meat on it.
Person crouching down among wild grass while flying a kite.
A woman carrying a kite board across pavement.
A man and woman are looking at a computer screen.
A kid follows a baseball player across an unnaturally green, sunlit field.  
Some motorcyclists are driving down an empty road
a person using an electronic device in a dark background
A little girl sitting in a restaurant eating a meal.  
A table has a cutting board with chopped vegetables.
A woman kissing a big giraffe over a fence.
A person is sitting with many surf boards.
This is a pizza that is half pepperoni and half chicken.
Picture of bike resting against a bar with storm clouds in sky
A large building with a clock tower surrounded by trees.
A body of water with hoses of either side.
This is someones sink in their bathroom in their home.
A poster of a bald man in a room with a desktop computer.
A pastry with fruit, mug and fork sitting on a counter.
Double decker bus with people on the top floor on road.
A woman riding a horse and looking at her reflection in a mirror.
A herd of large elephants get to the other side after crossing a river.
The very tall giraffe is walking across the road.
There is a girl eating a sandwich, she has blue eyes and her nose is pierced.
A clean white toilet that has its lid open.
Three royal mounted guardsmen riding across a field.
People playing tennis together on the tennis court 
