there is a vase and a bowl of fruits on this table
A Sante Fe train runs on the tracks through the valley.
An umpire, a catcher and a batter are on a baseball field's home plate.
A person rides a snowboard in a forest setting.
Three motorcyclists stopped at a traffic light on a street in front of a store
A very clean and modern living room with TV on a stand.
A sign for a village in Scotland with a bicycle in front of it.
two people with surfboards standing by the water 
A child in a bathing suit and two other children hugging outside.
A crowd of people parked near a double decker bus.
Some men in armoured gear are passing by a bus
A dog leaping in the air to catch a frisbee
A person holding a camera in front of a bus.
There is a horse drawn carriage in front of the water tower.
a close up of a plate of food with broccoli
People are in a luggage isle of a retail store.
An airborne skateboarder hoping his trick goes as planned. 
Two horses of different colors in a grassy area.
a woman with an umbrella walking through a rainy city

A plate of hot-dogs with multiple toppings like mustard, cheese, chili. 
The colorful umbrella is sitting by the beach,
A woman sitting on a couch next to a bathroom sink.
A bird with many colors and orange legs perches on a branch.
a couple skiers going down the snowy hill
A fire hydrant stands on a dark road.
Two benches near the grass at night. 
A woman in a purple jacket is snow skiing.
A man serves food from plates of meat and vegetables.
Busses are parked by a large building structure.
The people are on the snow in skates.
A darkly lit hotel bedroom that has a lamp, a little table, and a bed.
A green motor scooter parked in a museum in a display case.
A long horn sheep with heavy wool on a grassy field.
An elephant family standing in the stand at a zoo.
The brown teddy bear is sitting on the table
An apple laptop on top of the bed.
Four people on a sand dune with a BMX bike and an ATV.
A woman standing near a table with plates covered in food.
One player is chased by three opposing players in a Women's soccer match.
The women are dancing onstage with colorful outfits and parasols.
This  red and white bus is parked on the road.
A group of zebras that are grazing in an enclosure. 
A blurred man on a bicycle next to two smaller blurred figures.
a wooden table with silverware glasses and some food
A man playing frisbee in a grassy yard.
Three small brown sheep in a grassy field.
Several people are surfing or swimming at the ocean.
Kitchen with a stove, counters and a stool.
a bicyclist rests on a bike on an empty highway with two horses walking alone up the street 
A mostly eaten chocolate cake with one slice left. 
Three zebras grazing in an enclosed area that is a wooded area
A view of two street signs one reads Elm and the other Catawba.
A man on a television in a vehicle.
a man with two little children on a couch
A bunch of items that are sitting on a tray.
The neatly made bed is beside an open window.
Flowers in a vase next to a bottle.
A photo of beach scene with people under umberellas, in the water, and on a boat.
A woman in an office holding up a doughnut.
A woman carrying a child on her back is standing across from a building.
A line of seagulls are standing on different posts in water.
A bowl of berries and pink flower petals.
Chicken, grains, cucumbers, carrots, and peppers on a plate
A hot dog and fries with several condiments are on a plate.
