a beagle with a blue pack on walking through leaves
A passenger train parked at an indoor train platform with people on the platform area.
The soccer players are competing for control of the ball.
A dog sitting on the floor between a person legs 
The suitcase is on the floor with it's contents around it.
A woman holding a container filled with fresh vegetables.
A giraffe in a field looking over some rocks.
Vehicle and pedestrian traffic at night on a city street.
A traffic light flashes green against the backdrop of a city.
A bunch of doughnuts in a silver pan with serving tongs.
A man with his hair tied back prepares food. 
A group of people watching a skier on a track.
This man is skiing down a snowy slope
a person riding skis on a snowy surface
Black colored commode in bathroom with modern tiling.
Three elephants walking down a dirt coated hill.
The view of a professional baseball player swinging a bat during a game.
A man does a trick on his skateboard.
A group of people waiting in line at an airport.
A woman sitting on top of a wooden bench.
A large green bus approaching a bus stop.
A woman uses a computer outdoors near a tent.
A airplane flying in the sky above a structure and below the clouds.
Closeup of a tray of food that includes broccoli and potatoes.
A woman next to a black moped near wet pavement.
some players are playing frisbee on a grass field
a lady with a umbrella riding down the street 
a male in a white shirt riding a horse and also another horse
A man on a television in a vehicle.
a close up of a plate of food with broccoli
A large white tank sitting on top of a green lawn.
there giraffes in a penned area standing outside
The train is on display inside of a building. 
a man leaning a little bit to catch a tennis ball with his racket 
The bike handlebars have electronics and a rear view mirror on it.
a person standing next to a child in a booster seat
A layered desert with fruit, candles, and name tag on top if it.
Cat laying on top of a picnic table. 
Two girls are smoking cigarettes while one is playing on the laptop.
A snowboarder with a camera mounted to his helmet. 
A group of baseball players on a field.
A baseball player holding a bat during a game.
A odd white circular and futuristic looking bathroom
a boy and a girl are skateboarding and some buildings
A man on a phone in front of a tree with an animal in it
A colorful garden with purple and white flowers.
A man holding a tennis racquet in front of a fence.
A black and white photo of young boys and girls.
Two men riding on the backs of two elephants. 
A man fly's a kite in the grass.
This is a field of giraffes roaming together.
A very clean and organized bedroom stands empty of people.
A child in a bathing suit and two other children hugging outside.
A man walking into the ocean carrying a surfboard.
A man is sorting his fruit at a fruit stand.
Two birds on a carpet and a man taking pictures of them.
An obese man poses for a picture while wearing misfitting clothing.
A woman in glasses is holding a banana on a skewer.
A man holds a pepsi and a hot dog in napkins at a cart.
A baseball batter is up for a swing over the plate.
A couple walking down a street together at night.
A living room, with a couch, television, and coffee table in it.
A most-eaten plate of food has a few bites left.
A view of a hotel room with green walls.
