A red bird is sitting on a bird feeder. 
groups of people are skiing on a snowy mountain
an ornate street clock with skyscrapers in background
A large airplane flies in blue skies over some pretty trees.
A face of flowers is below an ornamental gold and white ceiling.
Two boys sit on chairs and play video games.
There are a lot of people on the skate board ramps
Two trains are passing next to eachother on tracks
A woman adjusts clock while several people watch.
a person holds their hand on a bed
A red and yellow train going down the train track.
A young woman standing on a sandy beach.
A car is parked beside a parking meter on a city street.
A blender held together with duck tape filled with apples.
A man in a crouched position on a skateboard.
Hot dog with ketchup in paper wrapper inside a black bag.
A child points to ball waiting on the tee ball stand.
Centuries old tower with a clock and topped with a cross.
A woman wearing a motorcycle helmet sitting on a motorcylce.
A plain, made bed with a set of hearts on top
Scattered people on a wide, dry beach, including surfers.
A girl and a cat sleep on a purple pillow.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle, with writing in the reflection of a the motorcycle..
There is a doll folded up inside of the suitcase .
Two girls in a soccer game as adults look on.
A group of people stand with bats on a field.
A street next to a large building is flooded.
A man swings for a tennis ball in a tennis court.
A small, blue bathroom has a toilet and a sink.
A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag
A neat kitchen against a wooden wall and tiles on the floor.
A man on a skateboard is in mid air.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle, with writing in the reflection of a the motorcycle..
Two toddlers eating at a child's table with a dog watching them.
This is a small kitchen with white cabinets and appliances.
A man walking down a street with a cell phone up to his ear.  
A row of baskets full of vegetables in a street market.
Skateboarder performing aerial trick on partly cloudy day.
A group of three people sit and talk together.
Glass vase of flowers on a window sill overlooking a forested area
A living room with a wooden entertainment center.
A boat sitting on top of a sandy beach near the ocean.
A short train speeds past the empty station
A blueberry pastry in a bowl with a strawberry and a cup of coffee.
A plate with steak, vegetables, and cheese. 
The woman has a knife and fork for eating the big pizza.
A large hawk flying above a green field. 
There is a man working on a laptop.
The kitchen has a small stove in it. 
two park benches in a park looking out over the parking lot
A girl eats while standing in a green, grassy area.
A clock on a stone tower is against the blue sky.
This is someones sink in their bathroom in their home.
Two cakes have been placed in front of a family.
A bathroom with a tub, toilet and a sink.
Empty city intersection in the early morning hours.
A stop sign mounted on a pole in front of a gas station sign.
A young boy plays with a phone sitting on the ground. 
The giraffes share a bunch of green leaves.
a tennis player wearing a green shirt is playing tennis
A view of a street intersection through a window.
Many different birds are eating food out of different kinds of bird feeders.
A horse in the grass is by a barn.
A plane sitting on the tarmac at an airport
