A man with feet connected to board being carried across water.
a multicolored sofa chair in a large home
A bathroom with colorful floor tiles, a toilet, and a sink. 
A young kid eating a hot dog while sitting on a van step.
A white kitchen with a grey counter top.
The people were all out on the water with sails on their surfboards.
A small boy in cap and trunks stands on a surfboard on a beach.
A bunch of umbrellas that are sitting on the ground.
A man in blue shirt preparing food in a kitchen.
A stop sign that has some graffiti on it.
A mountain valley with several cattle grazing on it.
A man, TV,  and chair with a stuffed animal are outside.
two white sheep some rocks and grass and a tree
A dog shows aggression by baring his teeth to another dog.
a small red passenger airplane preparing for takeoff.
Three guitars are on the stand beside a book case.
A man holding a surf board wearing a wet suit on the beach.
A mother and child pose brightly beside a large stuffed animal.
Cows walking across a paved parking lot in mist
A very big pretty elephant laying down in the water.
a truck sits in front of a building 
A yellow sign against a gray backdrop warns of a moving vehicle.
A car stops to pay a parking fee to a woman
A skier does a big jump on a white snowy slope.
A group of people standing near the motorcycles on the street. 
A dog laying on green grass next to a frisbee.
Triumph motorcycle and informational wall signage on display at an indoor showroom. 
A herd of cows on a grass field.
A jumbo jet plane in flight with a city in the background.
a group of birds flying with a sky back ground
A cycling event with cycles being transported in cars, atop cars, in vans.
A skateboarder in a red jacket grinding on a piece of concrete.
Two deer exploring a parking lot near the woods
The dessert has slices of banana and powdered sugar on it.
A computer monitor and equipment sitting on a wooden computer desk with a sliding keyboard tray.
A hotel room with a large bed and two giant windows.
Two bags of garbage sitting in the bowl of a toilet.
The living room is very cluttered with stuff.
A man sitting on a bench with a teddy bear in his book bag
A five layer cake sitting on top of a  wooden table.
A man lighting a cigarette as he walks on a city street.
The bed is in a rustic looking room with a plaid comforter. 
A couple of people standing next to some bananas.
A small baby eating the back half of some pizza.
Three urinals and another toilet in a bathroom
a woman getting ready to reach for a tennis ball on the ground 
A woman sitting in a chair and talking on a cell phone.
An antique locomotive steam engine on display at a museum.
Men are playing baseball while a crowd watches.
an image of a stuffed polar bear in a glass case
Pots, pans and a collander displayed on a kitchen cart.
A panda is getting its fill of bamboo.
A young man in a pair of jeans doing skateboard tricks.
A white table people sitting around plates of food.
A man holds an electronic device over his head.
a boy jumped over a fire hydrant with the skateboard. 
Four workers stand around a fire hydrant talking.
A firetruck is parked curbside as people are on the sidewalk of a city street.
A silver and white cat sleeping on a laptop keyboard.
A blueberry pastry in a bowl with a strawberry and a cup of coffee.
A woman prepares to hit a tennis ball during a match.
A peanut butter bagel is sitting on a white plate with several other food items surrounding it.
An opalescent blue vase holds a bouquet of flowers. 
A delivery truck traveling down a street next to a stop sign.
